DOCS-7330 updates cannot roll back (#136)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/update-acm.adoc

For information about updates, see xref:notifications.adoc[Important Notifications].

> After you install an update with this process, it is not possible to undo the installation and return to a previous version. We recommend installing updates with this best practice workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you install an update with this process, it is not possible to undo the installation and return to a previous version. Follow this best-practice workflow:
```

. Create a developer sandbox.
. Install the update in the developer sandbox and test it.
. Discard the developer sandbox.

> . Keep a partial copy sandbox or a full copy sandbox as a staging environment.

Reviewer: Should this step precede the one before it? What is the partial or full copy a copy of? Is that clear to the audience?

Reviewer: Maybe it would be more clear to say Create a staging sandbox?

Author: Yes, I think it's better to move this staging sandbox step before the developer sandbox step. It will have a partial or full copy of the production data, and that should be clear to the audience. Fixed. Thank you!
